All right so we have and design we imported the thesis says well so let's give it a try let's try one
of the components it offers.
So for example, bottom component, let's give it a try and you can see that net and designs documentation
is absolutely amazing.
You can see plenty of examples here in the now you'll see the source code right underneath the examples.
For example, you can see these buttons and if you want to see what code is used to generate this buttons,
you can click here show code and you can see here, one, two, three, four, five buttons.
One, two, three, four, five.
So all these buttons are created differently using this.
Now you can see this looks blue because that uses the type primary.
This one looks plain because it doesn't use that type and another one is type and dest.
So you can see that's how these buttons are different.
So that's how you can create.
This button components and with different styling.
So let's give it a try.
Let's get out of here.
Let's go to the business index and let's give it a try.
So to start using the button component from end design, you can just import that first.
So import and you want to distribute button front end.
Okay.
So the reason we have to restructure is this end design.
It offers many of these components.
So if they didn't export defaults like this, then we have to destructor.
If they would have exported like this default export, then we could import without the curly brace
like that get.
So that's how we could import however they have.
Export in more than one file.
More than one functions like this from a single file.
So in that case, they didn't use different export, right?
So in that case, we have to destruction because more than one, for instance, one component has been
exported from a single file.
In that case, we have two destructor lengths and this would have the example here as well as if you
have a look, you can see here they have destruction.
And so we import this button component by restructuring and then we should be able to use here.
So let me just try button and you can see how to use this component.
So you basically give it a name, use some type.
Let's see.
Click me.
And it's just let's sit and have a look here.
And we have this beautiful button that you can see here.
Amazing.
If I.
Give it time.
Primary.
You see, the bottle looks different.
I guess it looks from the blue.
That's the primary type.
I said this.
This is how you can easily use these beautiful components provided by and designed to quickly build
the UI of the case.
Now.
We usually will be using lots and lots of these components later.
But the next thing I would like to implement is this a theme feature dark theme and light theme.
All right.
So this uses a slightly complex topic called context.
So there is a local state in it's in every component in it.
It's an every component.
We can have a local state or we can have a global state.
So local state will be accessible within this component, obviously.
Now, if you're new to state, state basically means you store some values, right, sister?
Some values.
And you have a function to update that very, very simple thing of a situation where you have a form
where a user can enter the email password.
So when they enter the email and password, where do you want to sit?
You need some kind of a store, right?
So that's where the state comes in.
So you put that value in the state and then as soon as a user type something in those changes, also
you put in the state by updating the state.
So that's how the state works, obviously will be.
Going through so many estates, we'll be having so many stitched in these components.
But global sorted is one step.
Global state is not just within one component, but will be available for the entire application.
Whether you are in the home biz, admin space, whatever, doesn't matter, you should be able to access.
Okay, so we will use that global context to implement this theme.
And we may want to know which theme we are using in some other places as well.
Sometimes based on theme, if we are using dark theme, you may need to change the text column.
If we are using light theme.
You may need to.
Turns the next corner to in a situation like that.
Also, you should be able to access the thing.
So that is something you should have access globally on any basis, any component.
All right.
So for that reason, we'll be using global context to.
Implement this theme suite feature and then we going to work on the navigation.